OSSM-4041: Update infrastructure node content (#60744)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-config-control-plane-infrastructure-node-console.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service_mesh/v2x/ossm-deployment-models.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-config-control-plane-infrastructure-node-console_{context}"]
= Configuring all control plane components to run on infrastructure nodes using the web console

> Perform this task if all of the components deployed by the {SMProductShortName} control plane, including Istiod, Ingress Gateway, and Egress Gateway, along with optional elements, such as Prometheus, Grafana, and Distributed Tracing, will run on infrastructure nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform this task if all of the components deployed by the {SMProductShortName} control plane, including Istiod, Ingress Gateway, and Egress Gateway, along with optional elements, such as Prometheus, Grafana, and Distributed Tracing, will run on infrastructure nodes. 
```
Consider breaking into 2 sentences per my previous comment.

Author: done

If the control plane will run on a worker node, skip this task.

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the {SMProductName} Operator.

> * You must have an account with the `cluster-admin` role. If you use {product-dedicated}, you must have an account with the `dedicated-admin` role.

Reviewer: Same question as in my previous comment.

Author: done

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} web console.

. Navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

> . Click the {SMProductName} Operator, then click *Istio Service Mesh Control Plane*.

Author: In this instance, we're discussing a UI element, so I think bold is the appropriate way to refer to this without calling it a resource. It's done this way in other parts of the doc.

. Click the name of the control plane resource. For example, `basic`.

. Click *YAML*.

> . Modify the YAML code to run all of the {SMProductShortName} components deployed by the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` on infrastructure nodes. Add the `nodeSelector` and `tolerations` fields to the `spec.runtime.defaults.pod` spec in the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource:

Author: done

+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  runtime:
    defaults:
      pod:
        nodeSelector: <1>
          node-role.kubernetes.io/infra: ""
        tolerations: <2>
        - effect: NoSchedule
          key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
          value: reserved
        - effect: NoExecute
          key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
          value: reserved
----

> <1> Ensures that the SMCP pod is only scheduled on an infrastructure node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Ensures that the `SMCP` pod is only scheduled on an infrastructure node.
```
Should `SMCP` be a literal here?

Author: done

> <1> Ensures that the SMCP pods are only scheduled on an infrastructure node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Ensures that the SMCP pod is only scheduled on an infrastructure node.
```

Author: done

> <2> Ensures that the pods are accepted by the infrastructure node.

Author: done

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service_mesh/v2x/ossm-deployment-models.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-config-control-plane-infrastructure-node-console_{context}"]
= Configuring all control plane components to run on infrastructure nodes using the web console

Perform this task if all of the components deployed by the {SMProductShortName} control plane, including Istiod, Ingress Gateway, and Egress Gateway, along with optional elements, such as Prometheus, Grafana, and Distributed Tracing, run on infrastructure nodes. 

> If the control plane runs on a worker node, skip this task.

Reviewer 3: Same comment as above.

.Prerequisites

* The {SMProductName} Operator must be installed.
* An account with the `cluster-admin` role. If you use {product-dedicated}, you must have an account with the `dedicated-admin` role.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} web console.

. Create a project named `istio-system`.
+
.. Navigate to *Home* -> *Projects*.
+
.. Click *Create Project*.
+
.. In the *Name* field, enter `istio-system`. The `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource must be installed in a project that is separate from your microservices and Operators.
+
These steps use `istio-system` as an example, but you can deploy your {SMProductShortName} control plane in any project as long as it is separate from the project that contains your services.
+
.. Click *Create*.

. Navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

. Click the {SMProductName} Operator, then click *Istio Service Mesh Control Plane*.

> . Click the name of the control plane resource. For example, `basic`.

Reviewer 3: Since the namespace is created in the preceding steps, the SMCP can't exist here. Therefore, the user should create it instead of editing it.

Reviewer 3: Alternatively, you could remove the preceding steps so that the entire procedure talks about *modifying* an existing SMCP instead of creating one from scratch. I think this would be better, because you then don't need to explain everything else the user must set in the SMCP spec.

Author: Done, removed steps to create the SMCP.
